# STELLA BELLATOR

This is the first game created by this project team. Although janky, it is the first step in our game development journey.

### Original Story:
It is the year 1890 A.F. (After Flare), the Stellarum Wars were terrible wars fought over control of space shortly after mankind took to the stars. Fought between the world governments in what was 2287 C.E, these wars caused the deaths of billions, and depleted many of the natural resources that the frail Earth could provide. Mass-production facilities created pollution, and the warfare created wreckages and craters that littered the Earth like acne. Solar flares became commonplace due to the deteriorating atmosphere, scorching the surface of the Earth and killing millions more. The war ended, however, when the largest solar flare yet seen fried the remaining technology on the planet, causing the reversion of technology back hundreds of years, and reducing the world population to only a few hundred thousand. The world slowly recovered, and amazingly, humanity did too. The reduction in technology allowed the atmosphere to heal over a period of centuries, preventing solar flares from harming humanity further. Mankind has bounced back now, just recently regaining spaceflight in 1795 A.F. and has its sights set on terraforming and colonizing other planets. Mega Corporations own practically everything and everyone to at least some degree. The Federation is the most recent governmental body, established around 1600 A.F., and maintaining some order in the chaos that perseveres throughout the battle-scarred world. A majority of the world is now sand and glass, burnt by the sun’s scorching rays. Because of this, many people live on spaceships and space stations. New means of production have arisen via breakthroughs in molecular reassembly and nanotechnologies. The practice of replacing organic parts with mechanical ones is common, mostly due to the increased effectiveness of robotic parts and the likelihood of losing one or more body parts. The foremost provider of robotics and reassemblers, MantiCorp, has initiated their newest “humanitarian” venture: assisting The Federation in capturing dangerous criminals while they are in orbit. For this purpose, a new kind of officer was created, a

#### AL-4N
